{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 You will receive a dataset (JobInterviewAssignmentData.CSV) containing demographic variables, cognitive test scores, and structural MRI measures (including normalized whole-brain volume, nWBV) from older adults with and without dementia. Your task is to explore the dataset and carry out any analyses you consider meaningful. You are expected to present your observations during the job interview. \
\
This assignment evaluates how you approach an unfamiliar dataset, the kinds of questions you generate, how you justify your analytical choices, and how creatively you work with the available information. There are no prescribed methods or expected \'93correct\'94 results. Background Cognitive aging involves changes in both brain structure and cognitive performance. nWBV is a widely used biomarker of brain aging. Cognitive functioning can be represented by scores such as the MMSE. The dataset includes adults aged approximately 60\'9696 from a cohort that contains both cognitively healthy individuals and participants with dementia. \
\
Your Task \
Explore the data and decide which research questions are interesting or important. You may examine relationships between structural brain measures and cognition, compare diagnostic groups, or explore age-related patterns. These examples are not exhaustive. You are free to define and motivate your own analytical focus. \
\
Deliverable \
Prepare a brief presentation to report your observations during the interview: \
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs24 \cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}
\fs26 The questions you chose to investigate\
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs24 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}
\fs26 Your analytical approach and justification\
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs24 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}
\fs26 Key results and visualizations\
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs24 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}
\fs26 A short interpretation highlighting limitations or open questions\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 You may use any software or statistical tools you prefer. \
\
Metadata Aging and dementia \
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs24 \cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}
\fs26 Subject Number\
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs24 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}
\fs26 Visit: Multiple visits for scanning but here limited to 1 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs24 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}
\fs26 Sex:  Sex (M or F) \
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs24 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}
\fs26 Age:  Age at time of image acquisition (years) \
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs24 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}
\fs26 Age groups: 0= 60-70, 1 = over 70yo \
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs24 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}
\fs26 Educ: Years of education\
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs24 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}
\fs26 MMSE :Mini-Mental State Examination score (range is from 0 = worst to 30 = best) (Folstein, Folstein, & McHugh, 1975) \
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs24 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}
\fs26 CDR: Clinical Dementia Rating (0 = no dementia, 0.5 = very mild AD, 1 = mild AD, 2 = moderate AD) (Morris, 1993)\
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs24 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}
\fs26 Dementia Groups: Demented, Nondemented (converts are excluded)\
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs24 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}
\fs26 SES: Socioeconomic status as assessed by the Hollingshead Index of Social Position and classified into categories from 1 (highest status) to 5 (lowest status) (Hollingshead, 1957)\
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs24 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}
\fs26 eTIV: Estimated total intracranial volume (cm3) (Buckner et al., 2004) \
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs24 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}
\fs26 nWBV: Normalized whole-brain volume, expressed as a percent of all voxels in the atlas-masked image that are labeled as gray or white matter by the automated tissue segmentation process (Fotenos et al., 2005). This serves as a structural marker of brain atrophy. Lower values indicate more atrophy and less preserved brain tissue.\
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs24 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}
\fs26 ASF: Atlas scaling factor (unitless). Computed scaling factor that transforms native-space brain and skull to the atlas target (i.e., the determinant of the transform matrix) (Buckner et al., 2004)\
}